>> Estelle Weyl: Let's cover animations.
The thing with animations
is unlike transitions,
with transitions you could
just do a single animation,
with animations you can do single or
many or an infinite number.
It can be in one direction from 0 to
100% mark or go from 0 to a 100% and
then 100% to 0.
You could have much more granual control.
It could be initiated on page load.
It has more robust JavaScript hooks.
It can be paused.
And it's also the lowest
priority on the UI thread.
That means if you're loading
43 dependencies, and
you have animations that start when that
element is loaded and it has a delay.
The delay will expire while
you're loading, while your site.
It's basically going to give
everything else priority and
then it might start in
the middle of the animation.
So you can either set the animations based
on a class that you add to the body.
Or you can get rid of all the stupid
frameworks that you're adding for
no apparent reason and
making your page slow.
Cuz you shouldn't be waiting four and
a half seconds for your page to load,
it should load and be completely
done in less than 19 seconds.
And so your animations that you did
on page load should not be expiring.
I don't have an opinion on it at all.
Okay, so the essentials for keyframe
animation is, one, to declare a keyframe.
And a keyframe is something that
you can reuse over and over again.
And then, that is separate,
that is is an app rule.
And then on the element, you actually
add the animation-name, duration,
the timing-function, the iteration-count,
the direction, the play-state, the delay,
and the fill-mode.
Or at the end we're gonna
do the shorthand and
you should definitely be using the
shorthand because those are a lot too many
properties to be putting on one element.